What is MicroBitcoin (MBC)?
Microbitcoin is a decentralized peer-2-peer (P2P) payment protocol for the micro-economy. It is hard forked from Bitcoin on 525 000-th block number. It saves all originally described in a 2008 fatures of original Bitcoin, but pushes it further to improve and surpass it. MBC is intended to be a user-friendly cryptocurrency, that can't be said about Bitcoin due to its current price and incredibly high transaction fees.

As every of as can see, this led Bitcoin  to its limitation about application for micro-payments because of the problems of scalability, slow transaction times and high transaction costs.

MicroBitcoin strives to solve this problem and at the same time not lose the original vision of Satoshi Nakamoto. So we have designed MicroBitcoin that is 10,000 times the total supply of Bitcoin which is of the lower unit price. However, in order to embody this faster transaction speed had to be implemented, and many difficulties including lower fees as well as high rewards for mining had to be faced. Thanks to various contributors all around the world such as Korea, the US, and Ukraine, we have now realized the policies for speed, transaction fees, and reward, and the coin has been developed. In addition, we have completed the coin to be usable in micro-economy through thorough security by implementing the new encryption algorithm, LWMA-3, for the first time in the world. We aims to Microbitcoin be used so easy and simple as email these days. Try it and make sure of this straight now.

Who are Founders?
As concept, MicroBitcoin currency does not belong to anyone, and we think this is what a cryptocurrency should be - not owned by anyone, but belongs to everyone. We hope that people who stumble upon this currency for the first time are able to absorb, think out and understand it. If so, MicroBitcoin will be able to settle down as a concept of an absolutely new currency. Everyone should understand: this signifies that no one can claim the authority of a creator and that it has to be the new form of payment through all participants who have and will contribute.

The hardships of exclusivity
Due to the fact that the coin is supported by community participants, and not a single person, many difficulties arise. Some participants leave, others come: some are delighted with the project, others are already disappointed. All of this stems from the principle of decentralization. As you can imagine, not every exchange can accept such rules. Therefore, it is very difficult for MBC to place himself on new crypto projects. But we know for sure, the community will work to solve this and other problems. And we are grateful to every exchange that accepted these conditions. 

The Mining
MicroBitcoin is ASIC-resistant, thanks to its Power2b Algorithm. MBC also have resistance to abnormal mining attempt to occupy majority of blocks. The world’s first-ever successful application among altcoin cryptocurrencies. It is mined only on CPU, forget about all that expensive equipment like ASIC or GPU, mine on your home machine.

What's next?
MBCians take effort not only to open the source code of MicroBitcoin but also to maintain the community for everyone to be able to join.MBCians believe that only transparent and decentralized processes can bring about the true real transparent and decentralized world. It is the reason why we think an open source community is so important. An open source project means that anybody can view, use, modify, distribute, and participate in the project. And so can you.

In conclusion
MicroBitcoin as the most realistic means of payment for the micro-economy bringing it one step closer to becoming the new currency of the future, as well as the technological breakthrough that will bring a great deal of real-world convenience.

